# questionary-system-diploma

The situation with pandemia in 2020 has shown how important it is to have ac- cess to remote and secure testing of students’ knowledge. One of the most crucial factors is the availability of an examination platform, which establishes a connec- tion between tests and tasks from teachers or professors and students at a certain time with increased anti-cheating measures and any other attempts to dishonestly pass the exam. This work contains a description of research tools and methods for developing a system based on closed testing with various answer options and the availability of functions to avoid cheating during the exam. According to the research, a web system was created with a deep analysis of behavioural patterns and the use of popular frameworks in web and data science development. The ex- amination system consists of two parts: Teacher part and Student part. When a Teacher role is selected, a databases of students and tests are about to be created, providing the statistical analysis and full control over editing tests and student profiles, excluding the possibility of test result modification. After the test is created, the system generates the link that allows each registered and selected student to access the remote test on the specified date and time. On the Student part, after registration he takes the test in which he is prohibited to leave the current web page and window and there is a sudden face recognition takes place, in order to make sure that the exam is passed by the right person. All attempts to violate the above rules are immediately displayed in his answer sheet on the Teacher’s side.
*Done by Almas Azimkhan, Takhmina Talipova, Dina Kushenchirekova, Alina Dyussupova, Alua Duisenova* 
